my best friend in the navy is a concept I find hard to conceive I had
so many best friends in the navy it would take me a year to recite them
all to you and tell a war story about everyone of them they're all
wonderful guys but let me just pick one that probably wouldn't on
more active duties with anything else in the navy anyway and that was
where officer Sam Werner where I lost your Werner was nearly as tall
as I am I'm six six and he's probably six three six four and he
and I'm really good volleyball players and if we went on active duty
and there was a volleyball match we get involved and we were dating
good we were particularly good at being middle blockers he was a brilliant
guy he worked at NORAD into civilian life a wonderful cryptologic
technician and a wonderful wonderful Morse code operator he can
take code like crazy but Sam where there was a really good friend
of mine still is but we don't see each other much anymore because he
lives in Texas